Socialmath week 2: elastic configuraboo

This week the first draft of the API was written. It's a fairly
standard one that supports the collection of all entries in
a paginated manner, getting a single entry for a close up view,
and the CRUD operations expected to have. The curious
can take a look at it at

    https://github.com/th0114nd/socialmath/doc/api.md

Django makes it easy to assign handlers for the
various URLs we're using, and we've made good progress
at filling out the backend half of the contract specified
by the API.

The decision was also made to switch to using virtualenv:
this gave us consistent versioning across our local machines
as well as allowing us to use versions required by AWS without
having conflicts of the development computers. It also makes it
easy to start working on a different computer: to make sure
all the (python) dependencies are installed it's a matter of

    $ virtualenv .
    $ source bin/activate
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

It seemed like AWS had the best support for MySQL, so we decided
to migrate over to that for storage from SQLite. Django again
makes this easy: their models framework is db engine agnostic,
so it's just a matter saving the current contents to json,
changing a setting from 
`django.db.backend.sqlite3` to `django.db.backend.mysql`,
and creating a new db with the contents of the json file.

It was only slightly harder to get MySQL set up. And by that,
I mean it was a total PITA compared to sqlite just working.
OSX seemed to have several different ways of starting the daemon,
none of which worked for various reasons. Typically it had to
do with a socket that couldn't be found, and then once that 
was resolved managing permissions for the user.

Deployment is still a work in progress with getting AWS to play nicely.

Over the pasts week:
  Jianchi: Wrote the view templates and view methods to enable theorem and
    article submission. 
  Tim: Wrote up the API and worked on configuration problems 
    (hosting/db setup/versioning)
  Kexin has been doing more work on the backend. She fixed bugs in the models,
        wrote serializers to help form json responses, and implemented views for 
        getting pages and theorems.
  Ying-Yu wrote a script that transforms our proof tree data structure into
    D3.js' graph format (list of nodes and links). He has also been developing 
    an algorithm for automatic hierarchical layout, which is harder than 
    he initially thought and might take two more weeks to finish at worst.

Upcoming goals for the week:
    Jianchi: Enable user editing and deletion of currently existing theorem
        and article.
    Kexin is planning to finishing up the work in the backend. This includes 
        seeding database with a demo example, finishing up the views, and
        possibly writing API tests.
    Tim will start bringing the frontend code into a structure more recognizable by
        django, complete deployment configuration.
    Ying-Yu will keep developing the layout algorithm. Meanwhile, he will try 
      to make a minimal interactive display as soon as possible and work on 
      some other front-end tasks with more stable output to keep our project 
      progressing. Possible tasks include moving some data processing from 
      server side to client side and general web-page layout.
